From Hansel minutes.com. It's
Hansel minutes. Our weekly discussion
with web developer and technologist
Scott Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan
announcing show number three 78.
Recorded live Tuesday, June 30th, 2013. Support
for Hanselman is provided by
Tellerik offering the best in
developer tools and support online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklins.net
makers of gesture pack a
powerful gesture, recording and recognition
system for Microsoft connect for
windows developers, details that gesture
PA k.com. In this episode,
the 12th installment of Hansel
minutiae. Scott has a post
build discussion with Richard Campbell. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes. In fact, he does
an episode of Hansel minutia
with Richard Campbell. How are you?
I'm well, sir, how are
you? I am a, you
know, frankly, I'm pretty tired.
Yeah, well you got little
boys, man. It takes a
lot of energy. It does
take a lot of energy,
but also what takes a
lot of energy as little
boys plus a week at
build plus two conferences before
build. I basically spent the
last two weeks, not, not
on the road. Like some
people say they're on the
road for two weeks, but
I was basically like four
days in a day back
in two days in a
day back. And there was
one day where I got
one day I was sitting
at an after conference party
at midnight, feeling sad. And
I had a flight the
next day at 8:00 PM. And
so I had the entire
Sunday in New York to look
at and I was like,
well, you know, I could,
and this is the thing.
This is why I'm such
a mess. I could do
all these things in New York
and see all these people.
And I just, you know
what I did right there
as I'm sitting there, I
changed my flight to 4:00 AM
and went directly to the
hotel, got my bag, got
in a cab and went
to the airport, got the
4:00 AM flight and was home
for lunch. Yeah. Now you,
you made the right call.
My friend go home. And
I'm a big believer of
the 24 hour flip. It's
better than not going home.
You think so? Am I?
My kids found it vaguely
music. The only one who
was distressed by it really
was my dog is he
get very angry that I
would get home, unpack, do
laundry repack leave the next
day. But it was better
than not going home. Yeah.
I mean, I just like,
there's a bunch of people
that would have loved to
have seen in New York and
a bunch of stuff I
would like to, but I
don't live in New York and
me wandering around New York, thinking
about the New York that could
have been is not as
interesting as hanging out with
my kids. Yeah. Well, and
especially now they're just so
much fun. It's such a
ton of energy. Yeah. They
are totally in wacky Lego
mode right now. So that's
awesome. I want to explain
that as much as possible.
So now he loves it.
We, we bookended ourselves a
build. I saw you at
the airport on the way
in and on the way
out. Yeah. It was the
weirdest thing I, I checked
in on Foursquare on the
way into build in San
Francisco. And there you are.
And I'm like, Oh, let's
share a cab. And you're
like, Nope, I'm gone. I'm
on the train. Yeah. So
I go to the train
When you're on the train
and there you are on
the train. So we rode
the train together. We did
not hang out at all
for a week. Nope. Didn't
see. I think we saw
each other briefly once or
twice, but literally like in
passing, you had a mob
around you or I'm engaged
with someone, something like that.
And then we get to
the lounge at the end
of build flying home and
there you are in the
lounge. That's bizarre. Yeah. So
then we said we need
to do a show. Yeah.
Yeah. It's just so funny
how those things work out
and you know, the more,
more and more, I don't
know if it's the kids
as well, but I don't
do the whole go to
a conference and then hang
out as much anymore. I
want to pack it full
of stuff. So it's useful
to people. Yeah. Cause if
I go and do one
talk and then sit around
for four days, somehow that
just makes me uncomfortable. No,
you'll go home. And I
like working, if I'm at
an event I want to
work. But when we did
some great stuff, I was
on channel nine live. I
hosted like three or four
hours of live TV and
I did a talk and,
and I did the keynote
demo, which went pretty well.
And yeah, there wasn't a
lot of downtime. Nope. I
was doing nonstop interviews, talking
to the developers that were
attending bill, just finding out,
collecting their stories, what they
were interested in, so forth.
And one of the questions
I asked them fairly often
was who that bill would
you like to hang out
with? And your name came
up more often than not
yours. And Steve bombers were
the top names of the
list. Really? That means Palmer.
And I need to hang
out Italy. I've shaken his
hand twice. Yeah. That's that's
funny. Yeah. That's, it's, it's,
it's one of those things
I thought it was, you
know, a really good conference.
And I know that as
a Microsoft employee, I'm not
supposed to think that about
any conferences that are our
conferences. Like I'm only supposed
to compliment other conferences. Right.
But you know, just to
be really Frank, our conferences
have a tendency to be
a little bit bland and
by bland, I mean like
your tech EDS, and you're
kind of like your big
sprawling conferences, you know what
I mean? I've done a
million tickets and they're just
kind of like, you know,
Hey, we're a ticket, but
this one, I don't know
who I gotta call and
find out whoever was in
charge, but it was so
personal. Yeah. And I think
it was a little bit
smaller, you know, the biggest
problem I have a tech
ed is that 11,000, 12,000
people, it is just sprawling.
Yeah. And this was a
few thousand, it was enough
that there was a real
energy, but not so much
that you just couldn't even
find anybody. Right. You know,
with tech ed, you have
that sense of like, well,
this talk is in hall.
A and this other talk
is in halls. See a
short train ride away. Yes.
I'm changing time zones because
I want to go to
a different talk and with
build. Yeah. You know, you
kept seeing people over and
over again and they had
the big room and that
what was so great about
the big room and what
I just really can't get
over being so cool was
that, you know, Nokia, which
is huge company had a,
a plywood box that was
their booth. And they were
next to secret labs. The
agent watch smartwatch guy who
had a plywood box and
on the top of the
box, they had a big
giant piece of butcher paper
attached to a role. So
the person giving the demo
could scribble on the top
of the box and then
rip it off and then
clear their table. And it
was just, that's so cool.
It was just geeks and
pencils and gadgets and demos.
You know what I mean?
Like everyone had the same
booth and I just, yeah.
And that was over. I
was at the other end
of that. One of the
things I noticed with the
big hall, it was busy
all the time. And there
were lots of areas. You
know, the thing about bill
is that it was quite
focused on developers building apps.
And so a lot of
this where I was at
around the studio group and
the Azure group, they were
in conversations with developers all
day. Folks came there with
stuff they needed to figure
out and they got help.
Yeah. We went out of
our way to make sure
that everybody was, was at
the booth at some point
that all the speakers did
their booth time, which, you
know, sometimes you'll send the
speakers, we'll go and put,
then we'll have like someone
who's a non speaker go.
We try to mix it
up. We wanted to give
everyone a chance to work
the booth. And these boos
were great. Cause there was
no front like, you know
how a booth is usually
like a, you know, a
curtain and a bunch of
plastic piping. And then there's
some sad people who sit
at the booth and you
know, the only difference between
a successful booth and a
non-successful booth is whether or
not people show up. But
with here it was just
a box, you know, like
a table, like it was
almost like a work bench,
wasn't it? Yeah. Your dad
was work bench. Everybody had
seats or they all stood
and there was a sign.
This is what the topic
is here. Right. And sometimes
people modify their signs. Oh.
And we're also talking about
this, but Yeah. And then
people just hung out and
you couldn't even really tell
who was the, who was
the person who was in
charge there. I loved it.
I think that like, there's
some conferences like code mash,
you know, out there in
Ohio that have the hallway
track down solid. As we
sit at, we call it
the hallway track. They've got
fun games and they have
a keynote. And then there's
some conferences in Australia that
have a keynote that opens
the conference and then a
lock note that closes the
conference. Nice. I love that.
And then there's this, this
idea of these tables and
this kind of the great
equalizer, I think at the
next angle brackets conference, the
one that we're doing, me
and John Papa and you
and surely brothers and folks
that we did want a
course in, in March, we're
going to do another one
in October. I think we
gotta to talk about that
because it just changed the
feeling of the entire conference.
And I was so stoked
about it. And then the
open space as you come
down the stairs, it was
just all lounge chairs and
Oh, and the power adapters.
This was so great. You
know, how you're always hunting
for power to conference. They
had a, again, a piece
of plywood with a classy
sign and each piece of
plywood had four count them
four, six outlet, adapters. So
you had like 24 power
adapters just sitting in the
middle of nowhere. It was
fantastic. And, and, and every
time there was a cluster
of power, there was a
cluster of people around it
talking and they ended up
talking every time. That was
really, I mean, I was
really impressed because I have
a tendency to be a
little jaded with these, with
these big conferences and Into
a lot of shows and
do a lot, a lot.
I have, and I hate
to be jaded, but I
think people who listen can
understand that after a while
it gets a little tedious,
but this I was totally
geeked. And then, and then
Richard, the hotel that I
chose, you know, what was
next door to the hotel,
but Chipotle is the best
all you need. No, I'm
telling you the best part
about going to a conference
on a, on a work
expense account, chip portly, man,
morning, noon, and night. I
had my wife won't let
me go more than once
a week because she's like,
Oh, would you pull that
again? So maybe once a
week or once every two
weeks I had your Portland
at least twice a day
for an entire week. It
was so awesome. Oh, just
the burrito bowl. I presume
The guy who was coming
to this was actually, we
could, should keep rolling here
because the guy who mowing
my lawn is now here.
Okay. No, of course. So
I'm going to step over
to, and I'm going to
grab my portable vocal booth
and we'll see if we
notice a difference in the
quality. So yeah. Cause I
can hear, I can hear
the rumble from you talk
while I get the both.
All right. Well, I, my
whole experience working on the
build was collecting all these
interviews. And I did literally
hundreds of them talking to
regular developers about that kind
of software they were building
and the things they were
really interested in. It was
a lot of fun ton
of work for me. We
worked really hard, but I
can't tell you how many
conversations I had. It was
really staggering. All right. So
now got me all excited
about it. I'm glad now
I'm in the, I'm in
the portable vocal booth. This
is from real traps. We'll
see if it lays down
differently. Now I'm talking to
you on the phone. Yeah.
But of course I've got
the booth here in front
of me. So we'll see
if that covers the, The
lawnmower guy. See how that
works out. It's also funny
because I can't see the
screen anymore, which means I
have no notes. No, you'll
have to wing it from
here now. Yeah. I'm speaking
of notes, the little notebook,
a note taker deal. What
did they give us and
not give us, I didn't
get anything. They gave it
me. I didn't get anything.
We were both staff. Right.
Who went to build, got
a surface pro and they
got an eight inch Acer.
Was it? Yeah. Yeah. It
was a little Acer. And
I got to look at
one, you know, I'm always
worried about Acer tablets. I've
never been terribly impressed with
when I have one of
their w five tens, but
it just seems like it
was a little early and
they tend to be a
little plastic-y. Yeah. But were
they the one that they
gave out at bill was
the w three, which is
the eight inch screen that
comes with when eight. And
it's sort of in the
Kindle HD form factor style,
Eight inch. It's such a
tough thing. Like I went
and looked after, after I
saw the Acer I went
to at and T and
looked at the iPad mini
and I showed it to
my wife and I was
just thinking, this is perfect.
She'll love this. She'll love
a tiny little tablet. She's
like, no, she says the
screen's too small. And then
I said, well, what's the
problem? And she says, well,
there's less information. So then
I said, well, what do
you mean? I showed her
the inbox on a iPad
and an iPad mini. Right?
And I said, no, no,
it's the same number of
dots is, you know, it's
not really cause the iPads
retina, but the point is
that it is effectively the
same amount of information. The
same amount of information was
on the screen. She didn't
believe it. Doesn't be perceived
as different. Yep. She perceived
that. I won't be, Let's
see as much. So I
said, but it'll fit in
your purse. And she's like,
no, that's fine. So I
don't know who does it?
Who wants an eight inch
tablet people with John? John's
always said, don't make, we're
not going to make this.
But the mini is the
bestselling iPad. Now, you know,
for kids, it's really beautiful.
I mean, it's a great
size for sure. Children or
for someone who has a
purse or a giant inner
pocket, Right. For actual work
getting done. I don't know.
But my mom has a
Kindle fire and she is
obsessed with this thing. Like
for her an eight inch
tablet is the perfect size.
Yeah. I think that's part
of it. I do love
my Kindle and, and have
that's the one thing that
always goes with me, even
if I'm going to, I
will flex on whether I
going to a tablet or
my ultra book, you know,
that'll change. But the is
always there always, always Kindle
HD or is it a
Kindle? Black and white. It's
a Paperwhite. Yeah. See, I've
got the Paperwhite touch with
the, with the cover. Yeah.
Cover makes all the difference.
Like I hated my Kendall.
I have that head, that
Kindle 3g, right? The last
one with the keyboard and
it was a great device.
It was almost perfect. Then
I got the Kindle Paperwhite.
Screen's great. But the, the
size of the bezel is
too small. Right. And there's
no one to put touching
it. There's nowhere to put
your thumb. Yeah. So I
wrote this scathing review on
my blog and then I
got the cover that snaps
around it and adds another
eighth of an inch around
the bezel. And it also
turns on and turns off
when you, when you close
it. Yeah. A little magnet.
It's a whole different device.
It's changed it. It's perfect.
It is a glorious, highly
recommended checkout. Go to my
blog and search for Kindle
Paperwhite. I've got an extensive
review as well as an
update where I do an
about face. And I say
it is a great device.
If you have the cover,
that's important. I take that
everywhere. I hate, I cannot
read A Kindle book on
an LCD screen. I just
can't do it. I've got
it on my, my windows
RT, but I don't even
bother. And once you've had
paper white, you're ruined. We
just know how pleasant digital
reading can be. Well, yeah.
And once you've had, like,
I could Maybe suffer through
it on retina, but this
is the thing. This is
like, this is the next
year or two as retina.
Cause you know, I like
my X one carbon touch
laptop, but I can see
the dots. It's so funny.
Retina turns you off of
like all other screens. Well,
and you should bring that
up because I'm currently shopping
for an ultra high resolution
monitor for at least one
of my machines. My secondary
workstation has one of the
original 24 inch, 1920 by
1200 screens. So it's, it's
gotta be eight years old.
Yeah. I've got a 30
inch monitor and I think
it's 96 DPI. Yeah. That's
a, the 25 60 by
1600 dual DVI type. Right,
exactly. Right. And it's run
by a, I actually have
Three monitors and I've got
an Nvidia seven 40, I
think, GTX or something, you
know, it's a pretty expensive
Nvidia, at least it was
at the time. Yeah. But
it's pushing it. You know
what I mean? Yeah. And
I, I have a 25
60 by 1,630 inch on
my dev machine with 20
inch wings on it in
portrait mode so that you
get 49, 68, 1600. So
I think the 1600 high
is really important when you're
coding. It's it's those few
more lines of code that
help. Yeah. Yeah. So you're
saying that I will be
able to buy a 30
inch, 200 DPI water. Yeah.
So ASIS just announced their,
the PQ three, three 21
and that's a four K
UHD monitor. So that's 38,
40 by 2160 in a
30 inch display. So four
times the resolution of a
1920 by 10 80. So
then the question is, do
you simply scale it double
and then you get a
smooth display with the same
amount of general relative visual
space, or do you go
and do what people did
back in the day and
run thousand 24 and a
13 inch monitor, right. Just
because you want more dots.
Right. You know, do I
run it small fonts and
have like a non-visible start
menu? Well, and I saw
a guy on one of
the retina display, Mac pros,
running a native resolution with
studio and it turns out
none of your lines of
code are long enough anymore.
He could actually open up
three code windows side by
side and still see the
full length of any of
the lines of code. But
it is, you know, we're
all 40 ish now. I
couldn't see Like, yeah, It's
just too high Rez. I'm
sad about that. Cause I
used to love my 15
inch, 1920 by 1200 that
most people couldn't see. But
now even I'm like, Oh
man, that's tough to see,
You know, I, somebody was
showing me the surface pro,
which is what a 13
inch screen. Yup. And it's
10 80 P I'm like,
Holy crap. That's really small.
And like, Oh I love
my surface pro like, I
can't understand how you could
do any coding, like without
an external monitor and a
surface pro. And I don't
yet have old guy eyes.
Yeah, it's coming. Yeah. I
know it's coming. But I
just know that there's an
amount of mental effort that
is required to get engrossed
code. It is only 11
inches wide. And you know,
people who have MacBook air
is an 11 inch or
13 inch Mac who cares
are the same way. But
you know, if the thing
is, I was talking to
Pete Brown about this, we
love our Lenovo w five
twenties. Right. It is a
giant glorious rock, solid workstation
replacement tank machine. Oh, it's
a tank it's glorious. But
what I want is I
want it to fold up
into the size of an
X one carbon touch. Yes.
You know, every time I
use it, I'm like, Oh,
this is so nice and
so fast. And why do
I not use this again?
Oh, it's 10 pounds. Yeah.
So you put it in
your backpack and then you
look at the welts on
your shoulder afterwards. Yeah, Yeah.
Or, yeah, exactly. Or, yeah,
my, my bones are growing
the wrong way. Cause I've
been carrying this thing around.
Yeah. We call it Lenovo
shoulder. It's awful. Of course.
I fill up the Lenovo.
I fill up my bag
with other crap though. I
was joking about this, but
it's true. The Lenovo X
one carbon touches three pounds,
which is nice because it
frees you up for three
pounds worth of dongles that
you have to carry around
That you would need. Right.
Because you don't have every
kind of plug like the
Lenova Saurus has where every
single plugin you want is
on the back of that.
And then you see people
carrying their three pound surface
and their three pounds and
their two pound iPad or
whatever, just because they can't
just, you know, no one
wants to go on a
trip and Oh, I don't
have my tablet. You know,
I dunno. Somehow Netflix is
less, is less compelling when
there's a keyboard between you
and the screen. Yeah. It's
interesting how that is. And
I'm looking, looking at upgrading
my ultra book and thinking
about looking at the new
ASIS transformer, which is that
same super slim aluminum chassis.
But the screen literally pulls
off the keyboard. Everything's in
the screen, Damien Edwards was
showing me the Cura book,
that Toshiba Cura book. And
we looked at that it
was on the floor at,
at bill. Then it's a
retina display ultra book, but
he said that a Samsung
act, I want to say
ACTV or something like that.
But I know that's Yeah,
it's a yogurt that now
they, the new one, the
COVID Yeah, something like that.
I'm satisfied, but it's a
brand new Haswell processors, 12,
a two, 10, 12 hours
of battery life and a
retina display. That might be
what I need. And I
fear for arm in the
window stack. Well, yeah, it
does bring up the question
like was what is the
point of Two years ago?
I think it made a
lot of sense to sort
of make that shot at
Intel. We will go arm
if you don't get your
power consumption down And they
did, but you know, they've
done it. But the question
is then did does this
just lower arm pressure, like
this arm need to not
be in the market because
Haswell is going to be,
you know, that's pretty high
end, right. But maybe we're
talking about a hundred, $900
tablets. Right. And this is
the real question. You know,
everyone says Android the day,
but you know, if you
go to Fry's electronics or
any of these kinds of
mid-level discount, electronics type places,
these hundred $99 tablets, and
even in some cases, nine,
$9 tablets they're crap. I
mean, there is no way
to, there's no other way
to put it. The only
tablet that's any good for
199 bucks is the Kindle,
you know, and that's clearly
subsidized, But it's also a,
still a specific purpose machine.
You're not loading anything you
want on that machine. And
I think that's the biggest
thing. People break down, People
break their Kindles and there
are, it has, the Kindle
has a lovely app store.
So, you know, my mom's
got words with friends and
stuff. So maybe it's not
running word in Excel, but
it is a fully competent
machine. I would say the
Kindle HD, I just don't
see the programming suites for
it. Like they don't see
people writing as much software.
Well, but it's, it's Android
though. Right? Don't any Android
apps run on a Kindle
Theoretically, but actually no. Hmm.
Right. Because they branched away.
Hmm. Well that's Android is
kind of fragmented, isn't it?
Yeah. Well, not only that,
but I mean, that's the
ultimate fragmentation. They they've left.
They're not coming back. They're
doing their own thing. Well,
speaking of fragmentation, it seems
like we can finally see
the opposite of that fragmentation
coming, which is, and this
is just speculation, but it
looks to me like it
may be a year from
now. I could have a
tablet, a desktop, a laptop,
a phone, and an Xbox
all with this live tile
kind of windows 8.1 vibe,
theoretically sinking all my apps
between machines. Right? Yep. And
you know, all my files
are everywhere. You know, it's,
it's a kind of the,
of course of the marketing
guys will paint it as
a utopian future, but it
certainly they've, they've tied everything
up. I mean, windows phone
eight is the windows eight
Colonel right. There's speculation about
Xbox being windows eight, somewhere
in there as well. That
team, I would think that
would make things simpler for
them. And presumably that means
I can develop on even
more devices with the languages.
I know how to do.
Yeah. And, and with a
UI paradigm, you understand, you
know, we get back to
this whole idea of back
in the old days when
Microsoft came up with those
distinctive UI guidelines for file
and help and so forth,
the MDI interface, it was
so that anybody using a
desktop knew where to find
stuff on any app. Right.
Right. And now you're seeing
that same sort of rule
set coming by creating this
fluid metaphor that comes everywhere.
So the question is then
is it, is this a
good idea, right? Is this
UI good enough where we're
just going through growing pains
and mom and dad and
my kids and everybody will
be able to go, Oh
yeah. You know, tiles and
small tiles, big tiles lifetime,
or are they going to
reject it? You know, fully
Well. Yeah. And then I
don't know the answer to
that, but if it was,
if it was so obvious
one way or the other,
then we'd already be doing
it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you
know, I'll tell you, I
put iOS seven on my
iPhone and I I've had
a lot of people hollering
at me over the years.
Cause you know, I came
to Microsoft five ish years
ago with an iPhone, you
know, I never was like,
why didn't you switch? I
was like, well, I'm like
my iPhone, it's perfectly fine.
Competent phone. I don't need
a new phone every 20
minutes. And it works fine.
You know, I've invested in
the ecosystem and they want
to know why I don't
switch over. Well, I put
iOS seven on my iPhone
and it started heating up
cause it's a beta. Right.
And apparently they're going to
scale it up and down.
So I have a four
S which is the, I
think the I four processor,
it's not the fancy new
for him. And so
all the three D and
the translucency is apparently working.
It's so hard that it
is getting hot and it
kept rebooting. It would even
reboot and say, I'm too
hot. I need to cool
down. And I was going
to New York, I needed a
break. I needed a phone
that would work. So I
threw the SIM card into
the Lumia. I've got an
Lumia nine 20 that I
use for development, you know,
and I'm not a windows
phone guy, but I tried
it out. So I basically
spent a weekend in New York
with a Lumia. And when
I switched back to my
iPhone, the thing that bugged
me the most was that
the tiles on the iPhone
don't update like other than
calendar and clock, everything else
is just so kind of
just going to sit in
there. Like the weather is
always in 72 and sunny,
you know, But the question
is why don't the tiles
update? Why didn't Apple do
that when they redid this
UI? Well, I mean, I
assume it's either a legal
reason or they would get
yelled at for looking like
us. But I would like
my iPhone where I could
make the icons different sizes.
You know what I mean?
So like say what you
will for the windows ecosystem.
But man, I, I pinned
my hotel. I pinned subway
instructions. I pinned restaurants. I
penned my boarding pass. You
know, I pinned deep links
to information in a natural
way. And then when I
left New York, I just deleted
all those pins. Right. I
wonder if people even know
how to do that. Like
my wife, Well, people are
starting to think like, like
the way you're thinking is
really interesting. It's the configuration
for this trip is the
stuff, You know, these things
I'm going to need. Yeah.
Right. Exactly. I, I changed
the configuration, not based on
aesthetic or my sense of,
I wanted to look pretty
today, but I filled up
a whole section of it
with all the stuff that
I needed to move my
way around the city. Yeah.
And I use this transit
application called here transit. It
comes with no, Oh my
goodness. You turned me on
to that. And I loved
it. It's so good. It's
so, And it's just got
such a brilliant user interface
paradigm that I was moving
her. I swear. And I
know I'm to sound like
a fanboy. I'm more of
a fan of this one
app. So to be clear
for the listeners, but here
transit is so good. I
was moving around New York, like
a, like a native. Yep.
No, I've been in New York,
you know, a dozen times.
And I know my way
around subway system for the
most part, but it was
giving me alternatives. I hadn't
even thought about. Yeah. And
it, and it actually checks
the data. So we had
an a, I was using
it in San Francisco during
bark on the Bart and
Bart had a station breakdown
and it was on here
transit and said, yeah, don't
go to that station, go
to the station. So I
showed it to you As
we met up on the
train. So you used it
over, I use it for
the rest of the, you
showed it to me on
the train, going to the
show. The rest of the
week is I was staying
in Berkeley. So I took
the train every day in,
I would fire it up,
even though I knew where
I was going and it
would, and it would one
day it came up and
said that there was a
red bar, the way this
thing presents itself. As soon
as you start, it says,
if you want to leave
right now, and then it
sort of steps down rather
than ask you, when do
you want to leave it?
That it does the right
thing. Just here's your data
now, when do you, you
know, now you can figure
out when, Oh, and on
the one that was right
now, there was a red
bar in it. And when
I clicked on the red
bar, it showed the station
shut down because of a
police incident, 50 minute delay.
And then I, I, and
then if you want alternate
shell Dalton, it's get off
of this station, take this
other train. You'll avoid it.
That's fantastic. It was brilliant.
Yeah. It's ridiculous. It's a,
it's a crime that it's
not an every man. I
see why Nokia did it,
but it's a crime of,
and every phone it's, it's
that good of an app.
If I lived in New York,
that might be enough reason
for me to switch because
I download all the time.
I downloaded three different MTA,
you know, New York style, subway
apps, and they were garbage
on the iPhone. I just
could not find a decent
app. I mean, I know
that there are apps, but
you know, and I realize
that after, after a while,
you just figure out which
trains go uptown and et
cetera. But yeah, man, this
was great. And did you
do the pinning? Did you
pin different locations and then
it will tell you how
to get there? Yes. Fantastic.
Even the walking directions. So
once, you know, as I
come out of that station,
take this exit on the
station, then walk down, you
know, then go this way
to get to, to a
stop you want to get
to. But you know, you're
hitting on a really, I
think key point and it
relates to the live tiles
too, which is I get
that these companies are competing
and they want our business
did that, that didn't. So
they're denying others, their features.
But at some point you
got to look at like,
the live tile is just
a good idea, right? Why
wouldn't everybody do that? It's
just a good idea, right?
Like, Yeah, like right now,
if I want to look
at what my next appointment
is in my iPhone, I
either launch my calendar app
and go to today and
scroll around or I have
to lock the phone and
then look at the lock
screen or I pull down
the notification thing. But the
notification center only shows like
the next six hours of
appointments. So, you know, there's
all these limitations and all
of these problems would be
solved by just putting my
next appointment right there. Right.
Yeah. Where it's supposed to
be when I feel the
same way about this here
transit app, it's like, I
would pay for this app.
This app is astonishing. So
sell to me on everything.
Why wouldn't you, They want
you to buy Nokia phones.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know
the, the, the fragmentation of
like all the, all the
phones look the same. Right.
I mean, I saw a
bright blue windows phone and
I said, Oh, what's that?
And it was an HTC.
I just assumed it was
a Nokia. Right. Right. And
then I saw a, kind
of a bright, a bright
white phone. And it was
like a, what was it?
It was a Samsung galaxy
note. You know? I mean,
they're just slabs there's labs
with screens. Yep. So, I
mean, I think, I think
we're moving towards a, some
kind of a, of a
convergence, right? With Google things
like Google now, trying to
give you that idea of,
we know where you are.
We know where you're headed.
Here's kind of the information
you need right now in
your life. Everybody's trying to
do that. You know, lifestyles
are kind of random. They
sit there and they kind
of spin a little bit,
tell you your next appointment.
The iOS notification center kind
of, kind of works. Google
now is extremely location and
time focused, but they're all
trying to give us the
same idea, which is why
did I pull my phone
out of my pocket just
now? And that's I think
the next great user interface
problem to solve. He, you
know, Scott, Scott is in,
in, in San Francisco on
the street. He doesn't live
in San Francisco. It's nine
in the morning. We know
he had a flight, he's
picked his phone up. He
is either looking for food
or a taxi. You know
what I mean? Like that,
yeah. That kind of anticipation.
I also think that an
agent model could easily, as
you're getting ready for a
trip know, Hey, he likes
to have his, his boarding
pass, pinned his subway directions
pinned his hotel information pinch.
So let's just generate those
blah, blah, blah, blah. We're
getting there. We're getting there.
The beginnings are happening via
the iPhone. Has the, you
know, rarely used passbook feature,
which is where you add
your boarding passes and your
coupons and stuff. Yeah. The,
the, if I understand correctly,
I may get these reversed,
but when you pin your
United boarding pass for the
airline, it will pop up
on your lock screen and
allow you to see your
boarding pass even without locking,
unlocking your phone based on
time. Well, you're the Alaska
air boarding pass will do
geo fencing. So it notices
that you're near the airport
and then we'll pop itself
up. That's the beginning of
an agent style. And really
agents actually assisting you all
the time. Yeah. And, and,
and it has time to
think, to actually anticipate all
that. Yeah. Nope. I think,
I mean, I think you've
given me a blog post
here. I'm going to go,
right. We are definitely, you
know, the balancing act here,
there was an app that
came out briefly for the
iPhone. That was it. It
started out just trying to
figure out where to get
you the best price for
gas. So you'd turn it
on. It would monitor your
GPS data and fairly quickly
figured out where you lived,
where you worked and what
gas stations you normally went
to, and then started making
recommendations as you should be
about out of gas. Now
the gas station over here
has the best price and
it fell into that uncanny
Valley. Yep. It's awesome. Cast,
buddy. I love that. But
you also, you're heading towards
this sort of creepiness factor
that once your machine starts
anticipating more about you than
you realize exactly right. That
because it, where you are
and it figures Out all
these things about you, then
it starts making suggestions where
you get this sort of
chill of my phone knows
too much about me. Well,
and then that's where things
like Google now blur that
line. And it's like, well,
does my phone know a
lot about me? Or does
Google know a lot about
me? I don't trust Google
or Siri, like, wow, Siri,
that was effectively creepy. You
know? Like, it's like, it's
like when you meet this
friend and they're like, they
ask you how your kids
are by name and they're
not really your friend. It's
like, Whoa. You know, I
don't know you like that,
Siri. Yeah. We don't have
that relationship. Yes, exactly. We're
still working there. I think
it's important for UX designers
to think about those kinds
of things. Ah, yeah. The,
that agent design has to
learn slowly. Yeah. And maybe
even may even communicate, even
though I already know the
answer to this, I'm going
to communicate you this question
so that you feel like
you gave me permission to
know something. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Actually, there's an interesting feature.
I just got called out
in iOS seven Siri. Now,
if it thinks it's pronouncing
something wrong, we'll ask you
how to pronounce it and
kind of give you, give
you that idea of, you
know, there's some information I
don't really have, but I
want to make your experience
better. So, you know, I
pronounced this and you can
actually say to Siri, no,
that's not how you pronounce
this and she'll apologize. And
then remember how to do
it next. I think that
they could, you know, that's
no different than we, you
know, if somebody told me
something about you that was
relatively pride, I would never
come at you and say,
Hey, I know about this.
I would rather ask you.
And if you chose to
tell me now it's out
in the open, it's fine.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. You know,
maintain people's privacy. I think
agents maintaining a sense of
privacy is important. You know,
that's a great point. Google
now has decided that the
bagel shop that I eat
at is work. Okay. This
is true. So I go
to Google now and it's
like 20 minutes to work
and I'm like work. Oh,
we're really wow. Okay. And
of course that didn't make
me feel good. Cause it's
like, well, right, because the
alternative was up at the
airport. It's either. Yeah. It's
like when I eat at
the bagel shop way too
much of Google now. So
it just kinda changed my
relationship with Google. Now. I
think I would have preferred
that they ask, Hey, you
know, you're going by here
a lot. What if some
poor schmuck, his mistress's house
is like Google now is
size of word. It's work.
You know, that's not the
correct question here. Hey, this
location seems important to you.
How would you categorize it?
You can give you a
list. Right? Maybe sort the
list of the first three
things of the things you
think is most likely to
be. Right? Yeah. Cool. It
was always so fun to
talk to you, Richard, we're
onto something here, man. I'm
excited about this. We can
make agents, right? Let's do
it. Let's let's quit our
jobs right now. Think about
this. Make a project out
of it. Very cool. Well,
this has been another episode
of Hansel minutia with Scott
and Richard. I won't see
you again next week. Bye
bye.